https://finnish-governance.herokuapp.com/

== README

This site is a Educational Site on basic information regarding Finnish Politics, the Parties & the Structure of decison making.

The site will allow you to browse through the information available, in order to edit you must be logged in as a user with admin privlidges which can only be provided through the console. There is no option to add this through the site.

If admin privlidges are enabled, you will see options to Create, Update & Delete. Otherwise the site is Read only. Login for admin is located at "/login". To create a new account go to "/users/new". If you wish to update information on my current hosted page on heroku, please email me at cpurcell22@gmail.com with what you would like to replace & what you will be replacing it with, otherwise feel free to deploy this on your own at any time, admin privilidges can be given to ones self through rails console.

== TOOLS

This site includes a gem for BCrypt in order to keep password information undisclosed. 

Chart.js was used to include infographic doughnut graph to show seats hold & total members of parties.

Images & information gathered from open sources websites.

All rights for images belong to the original owners.

== RECOMMENDATIONS

If setting this site up for your own purposes you must add your own Data, therefore this could be used for any Parliamentary Democracies website.

If this is the case, ensure you rake db:migrate to include all relevant database structure. Please refer to the annotation within the models files to aid in what data to retain & capture for your own site.

== INCLUDED

The information included in the deployed version available at finnish-governance.heroku.com is the 3P's:

Parliament: The structure, division of power & roles of the different sections at the top level of government.

Politicians: Gives details on Politicians, their previous works, role, & current party.

Parties: Provided details are number of seats currently held in Parliament, current membership base nationally. A brief History & Ideology section to give an idea of the different ideals held by those Parties. 

Enjoy.

JadeInHand
